---
aliases: 
tags: []
share: "true"
---
| **Wealth** | **Crime** | **Tech** | **Weird** |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| 2 | 0 | 3 | 1 |

You don’t need a planet in order to mine. Or at least, you don’t need ground. This combination “mining” platform and space colony is responsible for extracting resources from Vet, the gas planet below. The mining rigs in the skies below—mostly manned by Urbots—send their goods to this central hub. Most of those are packaged and fired towards the [[[[Rin|[[Rin]]]-Ecliptis gate.

Special Rule

Engagement rolls on SB-176 itself are always at -1d due to ever-present station monitoring. Any jobs run against Guilders here are considered to be on hostile turf.

# Vibe

---

Cold clacking of footsteps on the brilliantly clean main concourse. Whispers of politicos taking tea at a parlor. Children running down halls, laughing. The hum of generators in the darkened side passages leading to the lower levels. Dingy workers shouting in the cramped quarters of the mining rigs.

---

# Notable People

---

## Yast Jor

Guilder head of the outpost. Jor is known for getting things done, even if it means bending the rules. A thrill-seeker, he keeps a Guild-enhanced racing ship for rare days off. (commanding, shrewd, bold)

---

## Kasumi Ortcutt

A mystic who claims to hear the voice of Vet, the gas giant the platform is mining. Trades information, including esoterica on the Ur. (passionate, strange, religious)

---

## Espa "Bolt" Wu

Labor organizer for the Guild miners. Rabblerouser beloved by the workers. Has been incarcerated numerous times for crimes both real and fabricated. (popular, dissident, ambitious)
