---
summary: "[[Characters/Kit Apple|Kit]] and [[Rocco|Rocco]] have a nice moment, Rocco gives a ship upgrade. [[Vapor|Vapor]] becomes best friends with [[Vorex|Vorex]]. The crew comes together."
tags:
  - session_note
---
---
summary: "[[Characters/Kit Apple|Kit]] and [[Rocco|Rocco]] have a nice moment, Rocco gives a ship upgrade. [[Vapor|Vapor]] becomes best friends with [[Vorex|Vorex]]. The crew comes together."
tags:
    - session_note
---



- Favored contact - [[Characters/Ibo-one|Ibo]]
	-  Gives +1 status to [[Factions/Dyrinek Gang|Dyrinek Gang]]
	- -1 status to [[Factions/Hegemonic News Network|HNN]]


- [[Characters/Kit Apple|Kit]] stole the Rusty Nail as an 80% finished ship from their 'rent [[Characters/Rocco Apple|Rocco]], and have been trying to slowly finish it over time, making it a hodgepodge of various parts that don't match or fit very well.
- [[Characters/Rocco Apple|Rocco Apple]] sends their kid [[Characters/Kit Apple|Kit Apple]] an invite to [[Characters/Governor Ritam al’Malklaith|Governor Malklaith]]'s annual Guild banquet, hosted by the [[Factions/Guild of Engineers|Guild of Engineers]], held on [[Procyon/Brekk/Nightfall|Nightfall]]. [[Characters/Rocco Apple|Rocco]] is a very demanding parent, who expected their kid to grow up and become a guild master in the [[Factions/Guild of Engineers|Guild of Engineers]] just like they are, their parent before them, and their parent, and their parent before them, and so on. [[Characters/Kit Apple|Kit]] brings [[Characters/Flora|Flora]] to the banquet, where [[Characters/Kit Apple|Kit]] and their parent have a heated discussion until Kit breaksdown a little and just wants to hide. Rocco softens, feels bad, checks in with their kid, and tries to do better, understanding that the blue suit they sent wasn't the right clothes and next time they will try and make fancy blue overalls for Kit instead. Rocco gives Kit and the Rusty Nail some upgrades like an upgrade comms system to keep in contact better with Kit and keep them safe.
	- meanwhile [[Characters/Flora|Flora]] sees their friend [[Factions/Vorex|Vorex]] that they have had some encoutners with in the past and have a nice conversation with while eavesdropping on Kit and Rocco.


- [[Characters/Vapor|Vapor]] was an [[Urbot|Urbot]] for the [[Factions/Ashen Knives|Ashen Knives]] until they escaped 1.5 years before session.
- [[Vapor|Vapor]] starts having some glitches so they need help from a techno expert, Jedd contacts his friend Kit, which then through Flora, they get [[Factions/Vorex|Vorex]] to come and help.
	- Vorex comes by for dinner and brings her Ur export [[Characters/Leto Ramus|Leto Ramus]] to help, fixes Vapor. Vapor and Vorex becomes friends. Vorex helps Vapor get some Poker playing software upgrades (Which is how Vapor gets the gambling vice).

- Vapor sends long range scanners and Leto to watch over her new best friend.
	- The crew send back a collectors edition of iRobot 2377 (the adaption of the book, and Vorex's favorit) as a gift.