---
summary: ""
---

Talked about character's families

couple weeks since crew formed, no missions yet.

[[Characters/Jedd Yulen|Jedd Yulen]] has been trying to get a job, and was reached out to by [[Characters/Ibo-one|Ibo]], who is willing to pay 1 cred for a job. One of [[Characters/Ibo-one|Ibo]]'s kids, Giro, has gone missing about a week ago. Giro has gotten involved in some bad crowds trying to earning some extra money. Giro had been hanging out at both Sloppy Jo's and Light It Up.

Talking to Myrk, from the [[Factions/Dyrinek Gang|Dyrinek Gang]], [[Characters/Leto Ramus|Leto Ramus]] finds out that that Giro has been doing drug runs out of Light It Up, they don't know who for though. Also [[smoots|smoots]] are the unit of measurement in this world instead of the meter, and cereal is a relic and cheese does not exist anymore because of some old war.


They are able to get into light it up with [[Darcy Aldrich|Darcy]]'s help, where everyone but [[Kit Apple|Kit]] snuck downstairs to try and rescue Giro. Kit stayed upstiars to hang out with Darcy and maybe to flit with some people. 

Everyone went downstairs where they heard 2 voices in a room a room ahead and[[Vapor|Vapor]] went ahead to try and act like a [[Urbot|Urbot]] reporting for duty. They 2 people decided to test Vapor, shut the door, led Vapor to another room where someone was tied up, and told Vapor to shoot them (giving vapor a gun). A fight starts as the person in the chair lunges forward and Vapor turns towards one of the pople, fires and misses. The other poeple break the door down, a fight happens, they wrestle one person to the ground.

Kit flirts with Stellaris Sparks, kits her number as the bar shuts down.




