---
summary: 
tags:
  - session_note
---
---
summary:
tags:
    - session_note
---
Players finish fight with [[Ooxoo|Ooxoo]] and [[Stacy Weathers|Stacy Weathers]] with convincing them that they aren't a threat and that they don't want anyone to die. They learn that [[Ooxoo|Ooxoo]] and [[Stacy Weathers|Stacy Weathers]] work at the [[Hegemonic News Network|Hegemonic News Network]] but are secretly trying to create their own free media alternative while getting as much dirt to the HNN as possible. They exchange contact info. [[Giro|Giro]] is badly hurt from the tackle (head wound) and [[Leto Ramus|Leto Ramus]] starts treating him and then they all leave with [[Stacy Weathers|Stacy Weathers]] and [[Ooxoo|Ooxoo]] going their seperate ways.

Everyone but [[Kit Apple|Kit Apple]] goes back to [[Ibo-one|Ibo-one]]'s place and they finish healing up everyone's minor wounds, Jedd has a testy interaction around Ibo's [[Urbot|Urbot]] [[BN-176|BN-176]] when Ibo mentions that BN is getting buggy because BN is close to wipe date.


Kit meets up with [[Stellaris Andrada|Stellaris Sparks]] (as well as [[Darcy Aldrich|Darcy]]) at a punk bar with loud rager music. Kit talks to Stellaris and they talk about ship engines and Kit talks about how they think comfort is the most important thing while Stellaris thinks function is more important. Kit's privilage shows a bit and which annoys Stellaris. Kit and Stellaris talk a bit more and we learn that Stellaris grew up in the [[Holt|Holt]] system and is a member of the [[Lonalowda|Lonalowda]], a group of people that the [[Hegemony|Hegemony]] has colonized and is trying to eradicate or assimilate. Her people have been pushed to the brink and hence why she thinks function is the most important thing, because her people can't afford comfort most of the time. She leaves the bar, a little annoyed still but wants to talk to Kit again sometime.



We do downtime and Kit and [[Leto Ramus|Leto Ramus]] do research on the [[Lonalowda|Lonalowda]] and learn about them. [[Vapor|Vapor]] indulges their vice twice (gambling), gets 1 cred but overindulges and will be gone next mission. Lots of training happens. Flora starts a long term project to increase shuttle speed.
